00-index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Home
hide_title: true
twitter: true
header: Home
group: [navigation, navigation-consumer-footer]
background-image-home: banner-home-page.jpg
tags: [smart home, smart plug, switch, dimmer, power monitor, bluetooth, ble, bluetooth low energy, indoor positioning]
kramdown:
  parse_block_html: true
permalink: /
features:
  - image: /images/switch_gradient2.png
    title: Switch
    description: Turn your lights and devices on or off
  - image: /images/twilight_gradient2.png
    title: Twilight
    description: Automatically dim your lights at night
  - image: /images/wallswitch_gradient2.png
    title: Switchcraft
    description: Switches keep working
  - image: /images/dim_gradient2.png
    title: Dimmer
    description: Dim LED lights as well
  - image: /images/position_gradient2.png
    title: Indoor positioning
    description: Lights and devices react to your presence
  - image: /images/monitor_gradient2.png
    title: Energy monitor
    description: View your energy consumption per device in real time
segments:
  - title: "Consumers"
    slogan: "Create your own smart home"
    image: "/images/chilling_living_room.jpg"
    link: "/product/"
  - title: "Subscribers"
    slogan: "Check out our subscription"
    image: "/images/dad_and_son.jpg"
    link: "/campaigns/cs-subscription/"
  - title: "Real estate developers"
    slogan: "Start selling smarter homes"
    image: "/images/rotterdam_real_state.jpg"
    link: "/business/residential-real-estate/"
  - title: "OEM"
    slogan: "Profit from collaboration with Crownstone"
    image: "/images/oem.jpg"
    link: "/business/oem/"
---

{% include JB/setup %}

{% include snippets/orange-top-bar text='New: <a href="https://subscribe.crownstone.rocks/welcome?dest=smartscenarios&ref=crownstone.rocks&loc=banner">Subscriptions</a>! Our <a href="https://shop.crownstone.rocks">shop</a> deliveries are sent weekly.' %}

{% include snippets/home-banner %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Your presence makes a difference

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin %}

Your home sets your lights automatically at **your** desired level, so you never come back to a dark home.  Make any socket and any ceiling light smart by adding a small building block, a **Crownstone**!

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/centered-image-home long-img='true' img='/images/builtin-sketch.png' img-alt='builtin-sketch'%}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-begin img-bg='/images/coming_home.jpg' left-alignment='true' %}

## Welcome Home!

Crownstone lets your home react to you. Lamps, ceiling fans, and space heaters can detect your presence through your smartphone and turn on automatically!

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-end %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin blue-bg='true' %}

Make any light smart

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin blue-bg='true'%}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin blue-bg='true' %}

Crownstone modules can be placed behind outlets and **ceiling lights**! Not only can the light be of any shape or form, the light switch will still work with our switchcraft! The Crownstone modules use the presence of your smartphone to figure out whether you're in the room. That's how it makes your lights truly smart!

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/centered-image-home img='/images/built-ins.png' img-alt='built-ins' class='built-in-img' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-begin img-bg='/images/reading_couch.jpg' %}

## Sunset

Crownstone turns on the light in the living room when it is getting dark. It only does this when you are actually **there**! 

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-end %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

A Crownstone runs apps!

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin %}

A Crownstone is like a miniaturized smartphone. There are many apps and functions on it and new ones every month! From a twilight mode to energy monitoring, there is something new to discover every time!

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/cs_features %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/customer-segments %}

Commit message:

new Header with collapse menus of Smart Home, Business, About us and Support menu added in english and dutch version. Updated image of PCB.

00-index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Welcome
hide_title: true
twitter: true
header: Home
description: "Crownstones use your presence to turn on devices as well as dim the lights."
keywords: "switch, smart switch, dimmer, energy meter, smart meter, smart home, save energy, Homey, Philips Hue, Google Home"
group: [navigation, navigation-consumer-footer]
background-image-home: banner-home-page.jpg
tags: [smart home, smart plug, switch, dimmer, power monitor, bluetooth, ble, bluetooth low energy, indoor positioning]
kramdown:
  parse_block_html: true
permalink: /
features:
  - image: /images/switch_gradient2.png
    title: Switch
    description: Turn your lights and devices on or off
  - image: /images/twilight_gradient2.png
    title: Twilight
    description: Automatically dim your lights at night
  - image: /images/wallswitch_gradient2.png
    title: Switchcraft
    description: Switches keep working
  - image: /images/dim_gradient2.png
    title: Dimmer
    description: Dim LED lights as well
  - image: /images/position_gradient2.png
    title: Indoor positioning
    description: Lights and devices react to your presence
  - image: /images/monitor_gradient2.png
    title: Energy monitor
    description: View your energy consumption per device in real time
segments:
  - title: "Consumers"
    slogan: "Create your own smart home"
    image: "/images/chilling_living_room.jpg"
    link: "/product/"
  - title: "Subscribers"
    slogan: "Check out our subscription"
    image: "/images/dad_and_son.jpg"
    link: "/campaigns/cs-subscription/"
  - title: "Real estate developers"
    slogan: "Start selling smarter homes"
    image: "/images/rotterdam_real_state.jpg"
    link: "/business/residential-real-estate/"
  - title: "OEM"
    slogan: "Start collaborating with us"
    image: "/images/oem.jpg"
    link: "/business/oem/"
---

{% include JB/setup %}

{% include snippets/orange-top-bar text='New: <a href="https://subscribe.crownstone.rocks/welcome?dest=smartscenarios&ref=crownstone.rocks&loc=banner">Subscriptions</a>! Our <a href="https://shop.crownstone.rocks">shop</a> deliveries are sent weekly.' %}

{% include snippets/home-banner %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Your presence makes a difference

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin %}

Your home sets your lights automatically at **your** desired level, so you never come back to a dark home.  Make any socket and any ceiling light smart by adding a small building block, a **Crownstone**!

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/centered-image-home long-img='true' img='/images/builtin-sketch.png' img-alt='builtin-sketch'%}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-begin img-bg='/images/coming_home.jpg' left-alignment='true' %}

## Welcome Home!

Crownstone lets your home react to you. Lamps, ceiling fans, and space heaters can detect your presence through your smartphone and turn on automatically!

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-end %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin blue-bg='true' %}

Make any light smart

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin blue-bg='true'%}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin blue-bg='true' %}

Crownstone modules can be placed behind outlets and **ceiling lights**! Not only can the light be of any shape or form, the light switch will still work with our switchcraft! The Crownstone modules use the presence of your smartphone to figure out whether you're in the room. That's how it makes your lights truly smart!

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/centered-image-home img='/images/built-ins.png' img-alt='built-ins' class='built-in-img' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-begin img-bg='/images/reading_couch.jpg' %}

## Sunset

Crownstone turns on the light in the living room when it is getting dark. It only does this when you are actually **there**! 

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-end %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

A Crownstone runs apps!

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin %}

A Crownstone is like a miniaturized smartphone. There are many apps and functions on it and new ones every month! From a twilight mode to energy monitoring, there is something new to discover every time!

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/cs_features %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/customer-segments %}
