01-technology-consumer.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Tech
header: Pages
description: "It is a switch, a dimmer, a power monitor, and a standby killer at once."
keywords: "switch, smart switch, dimmer, power monitor, standby killer, energy savings, home automation"
group: [navigation, navigation-consumer-footer]
background-image: banner-tech.jpg
banner-caption: "Technology"
permalink: technology-consumer/
---
{% include JB/setup %}

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Technology
                
Crownstone uses your mere presence and proximity (indoor localization) to control lights and devices in the home or office environment. Crownstone brings a wide range of apps to the smart home. One of these apps disables dangerous devices when adults are not around bringing child safety to the next level. Crownstone provides indoor localization to [businesses](/business) on its hardware-as-a-platform.
                
What can the Crownstones do for you at home?
                
* It's a switch, a dimmer, a power monitor, and a standby killer at once. Only getting rid of standby power consumption saves an average household 10% on the electricity bill. That's already 70 euros each year! 
* It does not need you to fiddle around on a smartphone. You can switch on devices automatically by just entering the room with the smartphone in your pocket or at your ear! It's ultimate comfort!
* It can dim LED lights. A conventional dimmer can often not dim LED lights so they are completely off.
* It can be used simultaneously with a light switch (using [switchcraft](https://crownstone.rocks/installation/)).
* It is a scheduler that is aware of the local time zone, for example to set a porch light to be on when it's dark.

Moreover, it the coming time, it can do more and more:

* It can be a smart child-lock. It is impossible for your kid to switch on a dangerous device like a blender, a grill, or an iron, if you're not right there.
* It can be a wake-up light or a go-to-bed light. No need to buy fancy products for this. Your normal lights can wake you up in a friendly manner.
* It can be configured with a holiday setting to prevent burglary. The lighting will go on at the evening, as if you're at home. 

Scroll down to see if new functions became available recently.
And you'll definitely have to check the [scenarios]({{ BASE_PATH }}/scenarios)! 

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end no-container-end="true" %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Accurate indoor positioning clip -->

{% include snippets/row-begin no-container-begin="true" %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
{% youtube ZtnYH53A4zE "Bluetooth Positioning" 560 420 nowrapper %}
</div>

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

# Indoor positioning

Bluetooth Low Energy positioning can be fairly accurate. It all depends on the number of Crownstones you use! See in this below video clip how we move a smartphone in a miniature house from room to room and you see how the picture moves accordingly.

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end no-container-end="true" %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Comparison -->

{% include snippets/row-begin no-container-begin="true" %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Comparison

The Crownstone is a device with many functions. 
If only picking one function, it already compares favorably to the competition:

<div class="competitors" markdown="1">

| Brand                     | Switches 16A                 | LED dimming                  |  Wake-up light                | Energy monitoring      | Standby killer            | Device identification        | Presence sensor              |
| ---                       | ---                          | ---                          |
| Crownstone                | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   
| Fibaro switch             | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Fibaro dimmer                | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Philips                 | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Plugwise | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Elro                | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Smappee                | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Kontakt                | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   

</div>

Crownstones are very affordable, check the [shop](https://shop.crownstone.rocks?ref=comparison). Already just a LED dimmer can be more costly than buying a state-of-the-art Crownstone with many more functions.

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}


<!--
https://www.domoticaexpert.nl/product/676267/fibaro-dimmer-2.html Fibaro dimmer 2: 59,95
minus point: works only with Fibaro basisstation
https://www.domoticaexpert.nl/product/676665/fibaro-dimmer-2-triple-pack.html
3x times: 172, euro, at Crownstone: 135
https://www.domoticaexpert.nl/product/759604/fibaro-wall-plug-type-f-werkt-met-toon.html, Fibaro: 64,95.
fibaro gateway required
-->

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Play around!

Get a look and feel by playing around with the Crownstones models here!

<div class="sketchfab-embed-wrapper"><iframe src="https://sketchfab.com/models/ef92123227c24517bbff7ad2b9f44c37/embed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true" onmousewheel=""></iframe>
  <p style="font-size: 13px; font-weight: normal; margin: 5px; color: #4A4A4A;">
  <a href="https://sketchfab.com/models/ef92123227c24517bbff7ad2b9f44c37?utm_medium=embed&utm_source=website&utm_campain=share-popup" target="_blank" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;">Crownstone Plug</a>
  </p>
</div>

<div class="sketchfab-embed-wrapper"><iframe src="https://sketchfab.com/models/b5fa4e4bc93f48c5901b4735b7c0e71a/embed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true" onmousewheel=""></iframe>
  <p style="font-size: 13px; font-weight: normal; margin: 5px; color: #4A4A4A;">
  <a href="https://sketchfab.com/models/b5fa4e4bc93f48c5901b4735b7c0e71a?utm_medium=embed&utm_source=website&utm_campain=share-popup" target="_blank" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;">Built-in Crownstone</a>
  </p>
</div>

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Kickstarter movier-->

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
<iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="//player.vimeo.com/video/139371752"></iframe>
</div>

{% include snippets/column-end %}

{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

# Kickstarter

The Crownstone has been originally developed for a [Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dobots/crownstone) project. We were featured on many European news sites and in general this really kickstarted our business in many ways (being accepted in the Rockstart accelerator for example). Some of the features of the Crownstone you can watch in this Kickstarter promo.

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Technical specs clip-->

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

# Specifications

For detailed specifications, see the [specification page](https://shop.crownstone.rocks/pages/specifications).

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
<iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="//player.vimeo.com/video/138335017"></iframe>
</div>

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Roadmap -->

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Roadmap

The current Crownstone iOS and Android apps have the following functionality. Every couple of weeks a new update is rolled out:

| Functionality                                     | State Soft&shy;ware                             | 
| ---                                               | ---                                             |
| Switch                                            | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Instantaneous power measurements                  | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Reacting on close proximity (tap-to-toggle)       | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Reacting on moderate proximity (presence)         | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Reacting on room-level indoor positioning         | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| User-controlled upload of data to the cloud       | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Send commands through the internet                | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Visualize other users in the app                  | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Scheduler                                         | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Dimmer (also LED)                                 | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Send a nice message to someone on entering a room | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Simultaneous use of ordinary light switch         | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Wake-up light                                     | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Power consumption history                         | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Integration with Toon                             | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Integration with Alexa                            | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Integration with Google Home                      | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Integration with Homey                            | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Device identification                             | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Integration with thermostat radiator valves       | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Multi-user setup (don't leave user in the dark)   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |

Not only the Crownstone app will be updated. Also the firmware on the Crownstone themselves. 
A nice example of another company that brings a lot of firmware updates is Fujifilm. 
Look at [this list](https://petapixel.com/2017/03/22/fujifilm-x-t2x-pro2-firmware-update-bring-33-improvements/) of 
impressive updates that are so significant that it feels like you own a completely new camera! 
We will always have a few features under the radar that hopefully will make you feel the same!

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/bottom-margin %}

Commit message:

Be more clear on wearables.

01-technology-consumer.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Tech
header: Pages
description: "It is a switch, a dimmer, a power monitor, and a standby killer at once."
keywords: "switch, smart switch, dimmer, power monitor, standby killer, energy savings, home automation"
group: [navigation, navigation-consumer-footer]
background-image: banner-tech.jpg
banner-caption: "Technology"
permalink: technology-consumer/
---
{% include JB/setup %}

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Technology
                
Crownstone uses your mere presence and proximity (indoor localization) to control lights and devices in the home or office environment. Crownstone brings a wide range of apps to the smart home. One of these apps disables dangerous devices when adults are not around bringing child safety to the next level. Crownstone provides indoor localization to [businesses](/business) on its hardware-as-a-platform.
                
What can the Crownstones do for you at home?
                
* It's a switch, a dimmer, a power monitor, and a standby killer at once. Only getting rid of standby power consumption saves an average household 10% on the electricity bill. That's already 70 euros each year! 
* It does not need you to fiddle around on a smartphone. You can switch on devices automatically by just entering the room with the smartphone in your pocket or at your ear! It's ultimate comfort!
* It can dim LED lights. A conventional dimmer can often not dim LED lights so they are completely off.
* It can be used simultaneously with a light switch (using [switchcraft](https://crownstone.rocks/installation/)).
* It is a scheduler that is aware of the local time zone, for example to set a porch light to be on when it's dark.

Moreover, it the coming time, it can do more and more:

* It can be a smart child-lock. It is impossible for your kid to switch on a dangerous device like a blender, a grill, or an iron, if you're not right there.
* It can be a wake-up light or a go-to-bed light. No need to buy fancy products for this. Your normal lights can wake you up in a friendly manner.
* It can be configured with a holiday setting to prevent burglary. The lighting will go on at the evening, as if you're at home. 

Scroll down to see if new functions became available recently.
And you'll definitely have to check the [scenarios]({{ BASE_PATH }}/scenarios)! 

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end no-container-end="true" %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Accurate indoor positioning clip -->

{% include snippets/row-begin no-container-begin="true" %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
{% youtube ZtnYH53A4zE "Bluetooth Positioning" 560 420 nowrapper %}
</div>

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

# Indoor positioning

Bluetooth Low Energy positioning can be fairly accurate. It all depends on the number of Crownstones you use! See in this below video clip how we move a smartphone in a miniature house from room to room and you see how the picture moves accordingly.

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end no-container-end="true" %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Comparison -->

{% include snippets/row-begin no-container-begin="true" %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Comparison

The Crownstone is a device with many functions. 
If only picking one function, it already compares favorably to the competition:

<div class="competitors" markdown="1">

| Brand                     | Switches 16A                 | LED dimming                  |  Wake-up light                | Energy monitoring      | Standby killer            | Device identification        | Presence sensor              |
| ---                       | ---                          | ---                          |
| Crownstone                | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   
| Fibaro switch             | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Fibaro dimmer                | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Philips                 | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Plugwise | <i class="el el-check"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Elro                | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Smappee                | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   
| Kontakt                | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>   | <i class="el el-check"></i>   

</div>

Crownstones are very affordable, check the [shop](https://shop.crownstone.rocks?ref=comparison). Already just a LED dimmer can be more costly than buying a state-of-the-art Crownstone with many more functions.

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}


<!--
https://www.domoticaexpert.nl/product/676267/fibaro-dimmer-2.html Fibaro dimmer 2: 59,95
minus point: works only with Fibaro basisstation
https://www.domoticaexpert.nl/product/676665/fibaro-dimmer-2-triple-pack.html
3x times: 172, euro, at Crownstone: 135
https://www.domoticaexpert.nl/product/759604/fibaro-wall-plug-type-f-werkt-met-toon.html, Fibaro: 64,95.
fibaro gateway required
-->

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Play around!

Get a look and feel by playing around with the Crownstones models here!

<div class="sketchfab-embed-wrapper"><iframe src="https://sketchfab.com/models/ef92123227c24517bbff7ad2b9f44c37/embed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true" onmousewheel=""></iframe>
  <p style="font-size: 13px; font-weight: normal; margin: 5px; color: #4A4A4A;">
  <a href="https://sketchfab.com/models/ef92123227c24517bbff7ad2b9f44c37?utm_medium=embed&utm_source=website&utm_campain=share-popup" target="_blank" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;">Crownstone Plug</a>
  </p>
</div>

<div class="sketchfab-embed-wrapper"><iframe src="https://sketchfab.com/models/b5fa4e4bc93f48c5901b4735b7c0e71a/embed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true" onmousewheel=""></iframe>
  <p style="font-size: 13px; font-weight: normal; margin: 5px; color: #4A4A4A;">
  <a href="https://sketchfab.com/models/b5fa4e4bc93f48c5901b4735b7c0e71a?utm_medium=embed&utm_source=website&utm_campain=share-popup" target="_blank" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;">Built-in Crownstone</a>
  </p>
</div>

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Kickstarter movier-->

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
<iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="//player.vimeo.com/video/139371752"></iframe>
</div>

{% include snippets/column-end %}

{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

# Kickstarter

The Crownstone has been originally developed for a [Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dobots/crownstone) project. We were featured on many European news sites and in general this really kickstarted our business in many ways (being accepted in the Rockstart accelerator for example). Some of the features of the Crownstone you can watch in this Kickstarter promo.

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Technical specs clip-->

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

# Specifications

For detailed specifications, see the [specification page](https://shop.crownstone.rocks/pages/specifications).

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="6" %}

<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
<iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="//player.vimeo.com/video/138335017"></iframe>
</div>

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

<!-- Roadmap -->

{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Roadmap

The current Crownstone iOS and Android apps have the following functionality. Every couple of weeks a new update is rolled out:

| Functionality                                           | State Soft&shy;ware                             | 
| ---                                                     | ---                                             |
| Switch                                                  | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Instantaneous power measurements                        | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Reacting on close proximity (tap-to-toggle)             | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Reacting on moderate proximity (presence)               | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Reacting on room-level indoor positioning               | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| User-controlled upload of data to the cloud             | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Send commands through the internet                      | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Visualize other users in the app                        | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Scheduler                                               | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Dimmer (also LED)                                       | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Send a nice message to someone on entering a room       | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Simultaneous use of ordinary light switch (swichcraft)  | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Wake-up light                                           | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Power consumption history                               | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Integration with Toon                                   | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Integration with Alexa                                  | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Integration with Google Home                            | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Integration with Homey                                  | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Device identification                                   | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Integration with thermostat radiator valves             | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Multi-user setup (don't leave user in the dark)         | <i class="el el-check"></i>                     |
| Personalized user profiles                              | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Arduino Support on the Crownstone                       | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Hub (for centralized collection of energy usage)        | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| In-network positioning (in the Crownstone mesh)         | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |
| Indoor positioning of wearables                         | <i class="el el-check-empty"></i>               |

Not only the Crownstone app will be updated. Also the firmware on the Crownstone themselves. 
A nice example of another company that brings a lot of firmware updates is Fujifilm. 
Look at [this list](https://petapixel.com/2017/03/22/fujifilm-x-t2x-pro2-firmware-update-bring-33-improvements/) of 
impressive updates that are so significant that it feels like you own a completely new camera! 
We will always have a few features under the radar that hopefully will make you feel the same!

{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/bottom-margin %}
