04-jobs.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Jobs
header: Pages
description: "Jobs in internet of things, home automation, smart homes"
keywords: "job, machine learning, artificial intelligence, internet of things, home automation, smart homes"
kramdown: 
  parse_block_html: true
background-image: banner-product-plug.jpg
banner-caption: "Join our team!"
group: [navigation-about-us-submenu, navigation-consumer-footer]
skip-newsletter: true
permalink: jobs/
custom-linkedin-card: true
linkedin-social_title: "Vacancies at Crownstone"
linkedin-social_image: "banners/banner-product-plug.jpg"
linkedin-social_description: "Come join our team as Electrical Engineer!"
linkedin-position_to_share: "electrical-engineer" 
---
{% include JB/setup %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Come join us!

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-begin%}

We have several **positions available!** We’re a no-nonsense team (no long story about how great we are) and you’ll feel home within a few days! 
Check our full-time positions and get to know how **challenging** and **rewarding** working at Crownstone can be!

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-end img='/images/network.jpg' img-alt='network' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Full-time positions

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin %}

Crownstone is always looking for talented people with expertise in embedded programming, AI or machine learning. If you send us a motivation letter with links to past projects on GitHub, or have done Kaggle competitions, this is a big plus! We have just one requirement: a European work permit (non-EU is a [bureaucratic nightmare and noncompetitive](https://expatlaw.nl/dutch-highly-skilled-migrant)).
{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/vacancy-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-begin img="/images/electrical-engineer.jpg" img-alt="electrical-engineer" title="Electrical Engineer" %}

In this role you will help us developing products that extend the smart home, leverage our expertise in Bluetooth products or allow us to improve our indoor localization and device monitoring offerings. 
Some of these products are a 3-phase switch of the Crownstone and an IoT version (4G LTE/NB-IoT) apart from third-party products that neatlessly fit our roadmap. 
We work together with Dutch and international companies for productizing and mass production. Expertise in this respect will definitely be a plus!

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-end pdf-link="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SDGnky5K-vh6HJxvwxZdWUtqjike5dLL5hagrOmH1Ls/export?format=pdf" job-id="electrical-engineer"%}


{% include snippets/job-vacancy-begin img="/images/sales-engineer.jpg" img-alt="sales-engineer" title="Sales Engineer" %}

Your role will be to convince large market players (energy, insurance, utility, and telecom companies) to provide cool services and products to their customers. 
Cool services based on the new tech developed at Crownstone, such as indoor localization, appliance recognition, etc. 
In our company you will have a lot of autonomy, from identifying low-hanging fruit, tailoring the market proposition, to control over marketing material. 
You’ll work daily with Anne to make all this a success story!

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-end pdf-link="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SDGnky5K-vh6HJxvwxZdWUtqjike5dLL5hagrOmH1Ls/export?format=pdf" job-id="sales-engineer"%}


{% include snippets/vacancy-container-end %}



{% include snippets/vacancy-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-begin img="/images/software-engineer.jpg" img-alt="software-engineer" title="Embedded Software Engineer" %}

If you like embedded programming, this is the perfect challenge! Do you also like to work on algorithms? Even better! 
Do literature research, create a simulator, prototype your algorithm in Python, test your theories and finally implement your features in the Crownstone firmware! 
There are many challenges like improved indoor localization, in network localization, device classification, mesh traffic optimization etc. Our firmware is written in C++ and is open-source. 

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-end pdf-link="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SDGnky5K-vh6HJxvwxZdWUtqjike5dLL5hagrOmH1Ls/export?format=pdf" job-id="software-engineer"%}


{% include snippets/job-vacancy-begin img="/images/finance.jpg" img-alt="finance" title="Finance" %}

You want to play a significant role in an innovative company! This is the perfect position for you if you would like to establish the strategy for internationalization. 
In addition, you don’t mind enrolling in promising subsidy programs, and you are excited about thinking about funding and mutual beneficial collaboration with venture capitalists and international companies… 
In that case, drop us a note!

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-end pdf-link="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SDGnky5K-vh6HJxvwxZdWUtqjike5dLL5hagrOmH1Ls/export?format=pdf" job-id="finance"%}


{% include snippets/vacancy-container-end %}


{% include snippets/centered-text-large text='Take a closer look to our software challenges' link='/challenges/software/' %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin blue-bg='true' %}

Open applications

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-blue-bg-begin text-right="true" %}

If there are currently no job openings that match your interest, you can send an open application. We're always open to hear interesting stories!

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-blue-bg-end img='/images/open-application.jpg' img-alt='open-application' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/social-media-buttons  linkedin='true' twitter='true' facebook='true' job-id="electrical-engineer" %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

Commit message:

Social card for Linkedin fixed. Some images updated as well as some css. id added to retail partners in the where to buy page.

04-jobs.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Jobs
header: Pages
description: "Jobs in internet of things, home automation, smart homes"
keywords: "job, machine learning, artificial intelligence, internet of things, home automation, smart homes"
kramdown: 
  parse_block_html: true
background-image: banner-product-plug.jpg
banner-caption: "Join our team!"
group: [navigation-about-us-submenu, navigation-consumer-footer]
skip-newsletter: true
permalink: jobs/
custom-card: true
social_title: "Vacancies at Crownstone"
social_image: "banners/banner-product-plug.jpg"
social_description: "Are you ready for a challenge? Come join our team as Electrical Engineer! We are looking forward to welcome you in our team!"
position_to_share: "electrical-engineer" 
---
{% include JB/setup %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Come join us!

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-begin%}

We have several **positions available!** We’re a no-nonsense team (no long story about how great we are) and you’ll feel home within a few days! 
Check our full-time positions and get to know how **challenging** and **rewarding** working at Crownstone can be!

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-end img='/images/network.jpg' img-alt='network' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Full-time positions

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin %}

Crownstone is always looking for talented people with expertise in embedded programming, AI or machine learning. If you send us a motivation letter with links to past projects on GitHub, or have done Kaggle competitions, this is a big plus! We have just one requirement: a European work permit (non-EU is a [bureaucratic nightmare and noncompetitive](https://expatlaw.nl/dutch-highly-skilled-migrant)).
{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/vacancy-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-begin img="/images/electrical-engineer.jpg" img-alt="electrical-engineer" title="Electrical Engineer" %}

In this role you will help us developing products that extend the smart home, leverage our expertise in Bluetooth products or allow us to improve our indoor localization and device monitoring offerings. 
Some of these products are a 3-phase switch of the Crownstone and an IoT version (4G LTE/NB-IoT) apart from third-party products that neatlessly fit our roadmap. 
We work together with Dutch and international companies for productizing and mass production. Expertise in this respect will definitely be a plus!

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-end pdf-link="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SDGnky5K-vh6HJxvwxZdWUtqjike5dLL5hagrOmH1Ls/export?format=pdf" job-id="electrical-engineer"%}


{% include snippets/job-vacancy-begin img="/images/sales-engineer.jpg" img-alt="sales-engineer" title="Sales Engineer" %}

Your role will be to convince large market players (energy, insurance, utility, and telecom companies) to provide cool services and products to their customers. 
Cool services based on the new tech developed at Crownstone, such as indoor localization, appliance recognition, etc. 
In our company you will have a lot of autonomy, from identifying low-hanging fruit, tailoring the market proposition, to control over marketing material. 
You’ll work daily with Anne to make all this a success story!

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-end pdf-link="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SDGnky5K-vh6HJxvwxZdWUtqjike5dLL5hagrOmH1Ls/export?format=pdf" job-id="sales-engineer"%}


{% include snippets/vacancy-container-end %}



{% include snippets/vacancy-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-begin img="/images/software-engineer.jpg" img-alt="software-engineer" title="Embedded Software Engineer" %}

If you like embedded programming, this is the perfect challenge! Do you also like to work on algorithms? Even better! 
Do literature research, create a simulator, prototype your algorithm in Python, test your theories and finally implement your features in the Crownstone firmware! 
There are many challenges like improved indoor localization, in network localization, device classification, mesh traffic optimization etc. Our firmware is written in C++ and is open-source. 

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-end pdf-link="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SDGnky5K-vh6HJxvwxZdWUtqjike5dLL5hagrOmH1Ls/export?format=pdf" job-id="software-engineer"%}


{% include snippets/job-vacancy-begin img="/images/finance.jpg" img-alt="finance" title="Finance" %}

You want to play a significant role in an innovative company! This is the perfect position for you if you would like to establish the strategy for internationalization. 
In addition, you don’t mind enrolling in promising subsidy programs, and you are excited about thinking about funding and mutual beneficial collaboration with venture capitalists and international companies… 
In that case, drop us a note!

{% include snippets/job-vacancy-end pdf-link="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SDGnky5K-vh6HJxvwxZdWUtqjike5dLL5hagrOmH1Ls/export?format=pdf" job-id="finance"%}


{% include snippets/vacancy-container-end %}


{% include snippets/centered-text-large text='Take a closer look to our software challenges' link='/challenges/software/' %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin blue-bg='true' %}

Open applications

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-blue-bg-begin text-right="true" %}

If there are currently no job openings that match your interest, you can send an open application. We're always open to hear interesting stories!

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-blue-bg-end img='/images/open-application.jpg' img-alt='open-application' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/social-media-buttons  linkedin='true' twitter='true' facebook='true' job-id="electrical-engineer" %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}
