06-hall-of-fame.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Hall of Fame
header: Pages
description: "Hall of fame with former colleagues, graduation students, and interns!"
group:
permalink: hall-of-fame/
employee-gallery:
  - image: "hughjones.jpg"
    name: "Hugh Jones"
    title: "Sales Engineer"
    linkedin: "hughboydjones"
  - image: "arnohuisman.jpg"
    name: "Arno Huisman"
    title: "Software Developer"
  - image: "marevandenputte.jpg"
    name: "Mare van den Putte"
    title: "Community Manager"
    linkedin: "mare-van-den-putte-6b514211b"
  - image: "fransdijckmeester.jpg"
    name: "Frans Dijckmeester"
    title: "Assistant Financial Controller"
    linkedin: "frans-dijckmeester-b6b4a5a9"
  - image: "fijapijpelink.jpg"
    name: "Fija Pijpelink"
    title: "Design/Communication Specialist"
    linkedin: "fijasantina"
  - image: "marchulscher.jpg"
    name: "Marc Hulscher"
    title: "Hardware developer"
    linkedin: "marc-hulscher-28371332"
  - image: "dominikegger.jpg"
    name: "Dominik Egger"
    title: "Software developer"
    linkedin: "dominik-egger-6819b691"
  - image: "marvinsteenoven.png"
    name: "Marvin Steenoven"
    title: "Designer"
    linkedin: "marvinsteenoven"
  - image: "faridrached.png"
    name: "Farid Rached"
    title: "Business developer"
    linkedin: "faridrached"
  - image: "remcotukker.png"
    name: "Remco Tukker"
    title: "Junior software engineer"
    linkedin: "remco-tukker-1a309a66"
  - image: "merelvandiepen.png"
    name: "Merel van Diepen"
    title: "Junior researcher"
    linkedin: "merel-van-diepen-55a42525"
  - image: "behnazshirmohamadi.jpg"
    name: "Behnaz Shirmohamadi"
    title: "Junior researcher"
    linkedin: "behnaz-shirmohamadi-54075b39"
graduate-gallery:
  - image: "odysseaskrystalakos.png"
    name: "Odysseas Krystalakos"
    affiliation: "Radboud University"
    linkedin: odysseaskr
    report:
      title: "Automatic Appliance Identification"
      url: "thesis/odysseaskrystalakos.pdf"
  - image: "riccardobellana.jpg"
    name: "Riccardo Bellana"
    report:
      title: "Anomaly Detection using Autoencoders for Ambient Assisted Living"
      url: "thesis/riccardobellana.pdf"
    affiliation: "Utrecht University"
    linkedin: "riccardo-bellana-14074b150"
  - image: "nannewielinga.jpg"
    name: "Nanne Wieling"
    report:
      title: "Configuration of Ambient Environments by Speech"
      url: "thesis/nannewielinga.pdf"
    affiliation: "Software Engineering and Technology Research Group, TU Eindhoven"
    linkedin: "andreas-sofos"
  - image: "jaspermakkinje.jpg"
    name: "Jasper Makkinje"
    report:
      title: "Deep Learning for Device Identification"
      url: "thesis/jaspermakkinje.pdf"
    affiliation: "Utrecht University"
    linkedin: "jaspermakkinje"
  - image: "frerikandriessen.jpg"
    name: "Frerik Andriessen"
    report:
      title: "Ready for Detection: Stair-detecting in RGB-D Images ..."
      url: "thesis/frerikandriessen.pdf"
    affiliation: "Space Engineering, TU Delft, DoBots"
    linkedin: "frerikandriessen"
  - image: "andreassofos.jpg"
    name: "Andreas Sofos"
    report:
      title: "Device-free Presence Detection"
      url: "thesis/andreassofos.pdf"
    affiliation: "Econometrics and Management Science, Erasmus University"
    linkedin: "andreas-sofos"
  - image: "rekahajnovicsova.jpg"
    name: "Reka Hajnovicsova"
    report:
      title: "Pull-E- The assistive shopping trolley"
      url: "thesis/rekahajnovicsova.pdf"
    affiliation: "Biomechanical Engineering, TU Delft, DoBots"
    linkedin: "rekahajnovicsova"
  - image: "wouterbulten.jpg"
    name: "Wouter Bulten"
    report:
      title: "Human SLAM: Simultaneous Localisation and Configuration (SLAC) ..."
      url: "thesis/wouterbulten.pdf"
      award: "http://www.ru.nl/over-ons/overradboud/radboudprijzen/vm/studieprijs"
    affiliation: "Artificial Intelligence, Radboud University Nijmegen"
    linkedin: "wouterbulten"
  - image: "panoschatzichristodoulou.png"
    name: "Panos Chatzichristodoulou"
    report:
      title: "Towards Lifelong Mapping in Pointclouds"
      url: "thesis/panagiotischatzichristodoulou.pdf"
    affiliation: "Artificial Intelligence, Maastricht University"
    linkedin: "chatzichristodoulou-panagiotis-2a04947b"
  - image: "annebekker.jpg"
    name: "Anne Bekker"
    report:
      title: "BitsLab: A Smart Product for Weight Loss through Behavior Change"
      url: "thesis/annebekker.pdf"
    affiliation: "Integrated Product Design, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "anne-bekker-352905bb"
  - image: "rashminarayanan.png"
    name: "Rashmi Narayanan"
    report:
      title: "Innovating Independent Living: Business Models for Internet of Things..."
      url: "thesis/rashminarayanan.pdf"
    affiliation: "Department of Technology, Strategy, and Entrepreneurship, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "rashminarayanank"
  - image: "roemervlasveld.png"
    name: "Roemer Vlasveld"
    report:
      title: "Temporal Segmentation using Support Vector Machines..."
      url: "thesis/roemervlasveld.pdf"
    affiliation: "Utrecht University"
    linkedin: "roemervlasveld"
  - image: "josvandenhaspel.png"
    name: "Jos van den Haspel"
    report:
      title: "Distributed Control of Refrigerators for the Smart Grid"
      url: "thesis/josvandenhaspel.pdf"
    affiliation: "Delft Center for Systems and Control, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "jos-van-den-haspel-90766264"
  - image: "laurensbliek.png"
    name: "Laurens Bliek"
    report:
      title: "Nonlinear System Identification and Control for Autonomous Robots"
      url: "thesis/laurensbliek.pdf"
    articles:
      - url: "https://arxiv.org/abs/1309.7959"
        ref: "0"
      - url: "https://arxiv.org/abs/1308.6498"
        ref: "1"
    affiliation: "Delft Institute of Applied Mathematics, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "laurens-bliek-7a4b366a"
  - image: "jorikhulshof.jpg"
    name: "Jorik Hulshof"
    report:
      title: "ARSOn: A Robotic Search Optimization"
      url: "thesis/jorikhulshof.pdf"
    affiliation: "Delft Center for Systems and Control, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "jorik-hulshof-b1332862"
  - image: "marchulscher.jpg"
    name: "Marc Hulscher"
    report:
      title: "Joint Action Reasoning for Local Agents"
      url: "thesis/marchulscher.pdf"
    affiliation: "Delft Center for Systems and Control, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "marc-hulscher-28371332"
  - image: "remcotukker.png"
    name: "Remco Tukker"
    report:
      title: "Echo State Networks for Hierarchical Cognitive Control"
      url: "thesis/remcotukker.pdf"
    affiliation: "Radboud University Nijmegen"
    linkedin: "remco-tukker-1a309a66"
  - image: "vijethrai.png"
    name: "Vijeth Rai"
    report:
      title: "Self-assembly of Modular Robots from Finite Number of Modules using Graph Grammars"
      url: "thesis/vijethrai.pdf"
    articles:
      - url: "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/login.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6095038&url=http%3A%2F%2Fieeexplore.ieee.org%2Fxpls%2Fabs_all.jsp%3Farnumber%3D6095038"
        ref: "0"
    affiliation: "Cornell University"
    linkedin: "vijeth-rai-71532b2b"
  - image: "andreirusu.jpg"
    name: "Andrei Rusu"
    report:
      title: "Cognitive Modeling in Robotics (summership)"
    linkedin: "andrei-alexandru-rusu-90220a24"
  - image: "tedschmidt.jpg"
    name: "Ted Schmidt"
    report:
      title: "Robotics: Environmental Awareness Through Cognitive Sensor Fusion"
      url: "thesis/tedschmidt.pdf"
    affiliation: "Groningen University"
    linkedin: "ted-schmidt-1353b598"
  - image: "freekvanpolen.jpg"
    name: "Freek van Polen"
    report:
      title: "Towards a Sentient Environment Using a Neural Sensor Network"
      url: "thesis/freekvanpolen.pdf"
    affiliation: " Utrecht University"
    linkedin: "freek-van-polen-08960719"
intern-gallery:
  - image: "martjankoedam.jpg"
    name: "Martjan Koedam"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: martjankoedam
    report:
      title: "Crownstone with Homey"
  - image: "joeyouwens.png"
    name: "Joey Ouwens"
    affiliation: "Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: joey-ouwens-9110956b
    report:
      title: "Crownstone with Philips Hue"
  - image: "kevinvanrijn.jpg"
    name: "Kevin van Rijn"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: kevin-van-rijn-90a847111
    report:
      title: "Low-Level Bluetooth Low-Energy Library"
  - image: "wickybhaggoe.jpg"
    name: "Wicky Bhaggoe"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: wicky-bhaggoe-28280b124
    report:
      title: "Crownstone Hardware Tester"
  - image: "ricardosteijn.jpg"
    name: "Ricardo Steijn"
    affiliation: "Communicatie, Media en Informatietechnologie, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: ricardo-steijn-38319b177
    report:
      title: "Home Assistant (home-assistant.io)"
  - image: "oscardruiventak.jpg"
    name: "Oscar Druiventak"
    affiliation: "Communicatie, Media en Informatietechnologie, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: oscar-druiventak-46b6babb
    report:
      title: "Voice Assistant (Google Home)"
  - image: "bjornpeperzak.jpg"
    name: "Björn Peperzak"
    linkedin: bj%C3%B6rn-peperzak-992129197
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam" 
  - image: "elikruunenberg.jpg"
    name: "Eli Kruunenberg"
    affiliation: "Small Business and Retail Management, Hogeschool Utrecht"
    report:
      title: "Exploring new Crownstone business models"
  - image: "paulwondel.jpg"
    name: "Paul Wondel"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    report:
      title: "Make Crownstone Arduino compatible"
  - image: "meralynnmohabir.jpg"
    name: "Meralynn Mohabir"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    report:
      title: "Indoor Localization within the mesh network"
  - image: "ilhandelic.jpg"
    name: "Ilhan Delic"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    report:
      title: "Crownstone smart home hub"
  - image: "joybaris.jpg"
    name: "Joy Baris"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "aniketsamant.jpg"
    name: "Aniket Samant"
    affiliation: "Electrical Engineering, TU Delft"
    report:
      title: "Implementing flicker-free dimming through optimizing ADC functions"
  - image: "naveenchakravarthy.jpg"
    name: "Naveen Chakravarthy"
    affiliation: "Electrical Engineering, TU Delft"
  - image: "marcdegroot.jpg"
    name: "Marc de Groot"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "alexanderderidder.jpg"
    name: "Alex de Ridder"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
  - image: "gijstamminga.jpg"
    name: "Gijs Tamminga"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "florijnvanzundert.png"
    name: "Florijn van Zundert"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "dimitrisxenakis.jpg"
    name: "Dimitris Xenakis"
    affiliation: "Geomatics for the Built Environment, Delft University of Technology"
    report:
      title: "Translating BLE Received Signals across different Smartphones"
      url: "internships/dimitrisxenakis.pdf"
  - image: "edwinaleksanian.png"
    name: "Edwin Aleksanian"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "jeandreartsen.png"
    name: "Jeandre Artsen"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "zjhounathanevans.png"
    name: "Zjhounathan Evans"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
    linkedin: "zjhounathan-evans-11923470"
  - image: "alansimic.png"
    name: "Alan Simic"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "bartversluis.jpg"
    name: "Bart Versluis"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "mouradfattouch.jpg"
    name: "Mourad Fattouch"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "timprins.jpg"
    name: "Tim Prins"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "nimamehdi.jpg"
    name: "Nima Mehdi"
    affiliation: "ENSTA Bretagne"
    report:
      title: "Fingerprinting across Multiple Smartphones"
      url: "internships/nimamehdi.pdf"
  - image: "tomvandijk.jpg"
    name: "Tom van Dijk"
    affiliation: "TU Delft"
    report:
      title: "Indoor localization using BLE"
      url: "internships/tomvandijk.pdf"
  - image: "christianhaas.png"
    name: "Christian Haas"
    affiliation: "Ecole Centrale de Marseille"
    linkedin: "christianhaasfrangi"
    report:
      title: "Robotics and building automation in general (applied internship)"
  - image: "juanpablocortes.png"
    name: "Juan Pablo Cortés"
    linkedin: "juan-pablo-forero-5a92b012a"
    report:
      title: "Painting quadcopters (summership)"
      movie: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0p4yckwPCtU"
---
{% include JB/setup %}
{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Former Employees

Crownstone originated from [DoBots](http://dobots.nl) and [Almende](http://almende.com), which means that many people have contributed to its success!

We're very happy that we had so many friendly and capable people working with us. If you have a chance to hire anyone of them, do not hesitate!

{% include snippets/subgallery id="employee-gallery" %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

# Former Graduates

A nice list of many different people, with different interests and different goals and characters. Our software and algorithms owe to them just as much as to our full-term employees! Our most recent graduates are displayed first.

{% include snippets/subgallery id="graduate-gallery" %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

# Former Interns

We've had also interns at our place which definitely had a positive impact on the quality of our products! Thanks and we wish you a lot of luck!

{% include snippets/subgallery id="intern-gallery" %}



{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/bottom-margin %}

Commit message:

Banner images in .webp format work as background images. When the browser does not accept a .webp img, then the .jpg format is shown. All banner images were included in .webp format as well. Small modifications were done in the website.

06-hall-of-fame.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Hall of Fame
header: Pages
description: "Hall of fame with former colleagues, graduation students, and interns!"
background-image: banner-hall-of-fame
banner-caption: "Hall of Fame"
permalink: hall-of-fame/
employee-gallery:
  - image: "hughjones.jpg"
    name: "Hugh Jones"
    title: "Sales Engineer"
    linkedin: "hughboydjones"
  - image: "arnohuisman.jpg"
    name: "Arno Huisman"
    title: "Software Developer"
  - image: "marevandenputte.jpg"
    name: "Mare van den Putte"
    title: "Community Manager"
    linkedin: "mare-van-den-putte-6b514211b"
  - image: "fransdijckmeester.jpg"
    name: "Frans Dijckmeester"
    title: "Assistant Financial Controller"
    linkedin: "frans-dijckmeester-b6b4a5a9"
  - image: "fijapijpelink.jpg"
    name: "Fija Pijpelink"
    title: "Design/Communication Specialist"
    linkedin: "fijasantina"
  - image: "marchulscher.jpg"
    name: "Marc Hulscher"
    title: "Hardware developer"
    linkedin: "marc-hulscher-28371332"
  - image: "dominikegger.jpg"
    name: "Dominik Egger"
    title: "Software developer"
    linkedin: "dominik-egger-6819b691"
  - image: "marvinsteenoven.png"
    name: "Marvin Steenoven"
    title: "Designer"
    linkedin: "marvinsteenoven"
  - image: "faridrached.png"
    name: "Farid Rached"
    title: "Business developer"
    linkedin: "faridrached"
  - image: "remcotukker.png"
    name: "Remco Tukker"
    title: "Junior software engineer"
    linkedin: "remco-tukker-1a309a66"
  - image: "merelvandiepen.png"
    name: "Merel van Diepen"
    title: "Junior researcher"
    linkedin: "merel-van-diepen-55a42525"
  - image: "behnazshirmohamadi.jpg"
    name: "Behnaz Shirmohamadi"
    title: "Junior researcher"
    linkedin: "behnaz-shirmohamadi-54075b39"
graduate-gallery:
  - image: "odysseaskrystalakos.png"
    name: "Odysseas Krystalakos"
    affiliation: "Radboud University"
    linkedin: odysseaskr
    report:
      title: "Automatic Appliance Identification"
      url: "thesis/odysseaskrystalakos.pdf"
  - image: "riccardobellana.jpg"
    name: "Riccardo Bellana"
    report:
      title: "Anomaly Detection using Autoencoders for Ambient Assisted Living"
      url: "thesis/riccardobellana.pdf"
    affiliation: "Utrecht University"
    linkedin: "riccardo-bellana-14074b150"
  - image: "nannewielinga.jpg"
    name: "Nanne Wieling"
    report:
      title: "Configuration of Ambient Environments by Speech"
      url: "thesis/nannewielinga.pdf"
    affiliation: "Software Engineering and Technology Research Group, TU Eindhoven"
    linkedin: "andreas-sofos"
  - image: "jaspermakkinje.jpg"
    name: "Jasper Makkinje"
    report:
      title: "Deep Learning for Device Identification"
      url: "thesis/jaspermakkinje.pdf"
    affiliation: "Utrecht University"
    linkedin: "jaspermakkinje"
  - image: "frerikandriessen.jpg"
    name: "Frerik Andriessen"
    report:
      title: "Ready for Detection: Stair-detecting in RGB-D Images ..."
      url: "thesis/frerikandriessen.pdf"
    affiliation: "Space Engineering, TU Delft, DoBots"
    linkedin: "frerikandriessen"
  - image: "andreassofos.jpg"
    name: "Andreas Sofos"
    report:
      title: "Device-free Presence Detection"
      url: "thesis/andreassofos.pdf"
    affiliation: "Econometrics and Management Science, Erasmus University"
    linkedin: "andreas-sofos"
  - image: "rekahajnovicsova.jpg"
    name: "Reka Hajnovicsova"
    report:
      title: "Pull-E- The assistive shopping trolley"
      url: "thesis/rekahajnovicsova.pdf"
    affiliation: "Biomechanical Engineering, TU Delft, DoBots"
    linkedin: "rekahajnovicsova"
  - image: "wouterbulten.jpg"
    name: "Wouter Bulten"
    report:
      title: "Human SLAM: Simultaneous Localisation and Configuration (SLAC) ..."
      url: "thesis/wouterbulten.pdf"
      award: "http://www.ru.nl/over-ons/overradboud/radboudprijzen/vm/studieprijs"
    affiliation: "Artificial Intelligence, Radboud University Nijmegen"
    linkedin: "wouterbulten"
  - image: "panoschatzichristodoulou.png"
    name: "Panos Chatzichristodoulou"
    report:
      title: "Towards Lifelong Mapping in Pointclouds"
      url: "thesis/panagiotischatzichristodoulou.pdf"
    affiliation: "Artificial Intelligence, Maastricht University"
    linkedin: "chatzichristodoulou-panagiotis-2a04947b"
  - image: "annebekker.jpg"
    name: "Anne Bekker"
    report:
      title: "BitsLab: A Smart Product for Weight Loss through Behavior Change"
      url: "thesis/annebekker.pdf"
    affiliation: "Integrated Product Design, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "anne-bekker-352905bb"
  - image: "rashminarayanan.png"
    name: "Rashmi Narayanan"
    report:
      title: "Innovating Independent Living: Business Models for Internet of Things..."
      url: "thesis/rashminarayanan.pdf"
    affiliation: "Department of Technology, Strategy, and Entrepreneurship, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "rashminarayanank"
  - image: "roemervlasveld.png"
    name: "Roemer Vlasveld"
    report:
      title: "Temporal Segmentation using Support Vector Machines..."
      url: "thesis/roemervlasveld.pdf"
    affiliation: "Utrecht University"
    linkedin: "roemervlasveld"
  - image: "josvandenhaspel.png"
    name: "Jos van den Haspel"
    report:
      title: "Distributed Control of Refrigerators for the Smart Grid"
      url: "thesis/josvandenhaspel.pdf"
    affiliation: "Delft Center for Systems and Control, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "jos-van-den-haspel-90766264"
  - image: "laurensbliek.png"
    name: "Laurens Bliek"
    report:
      title: "Nonlinear System Identification and Control for Autonomous Robots"
      url: "thesis/laurensbliek.pdf"
    articles:
      - url: "https://arxiv.org/abs/1309.7959"
        ref: "0"
      - url: "https://arxiv.org/abs/1308.6498"
        ref: "1"
    affiliation: "Delft Institute of Applied Mathematics, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "laurens-bliek-7a4b366a"
  - image: "jorikhulshof.jpg"
    name: "Jorik Hulshof"
    report:
      title: "ARSOn: A Robotic Search Optimization"
      url: "thesis/jorikhulshof.pdf"
    affiliation: "Delft Center for Systems and Control, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "jorik-hulshof-b1332862"
  - image: "marchulscher.jpg"
    name: "Marc Hulscher"
    report:
      title: "Joint Action Reasoning for Local Agents"
      url: "thesis/marchulscher.pdf"
    affiliation: "Delft Center for Systems and Control, TU Delft"
    linkedin: "marc-hulscher-28371332"
  - image: "remcotukker.png"
    name: "Remco Tukker"
    report:
      title: "Echo State Networks for Hierarchical Cognitive Control"
      url: "thesis/remcotukker.pdf"
    affiliation: "Radboud University Nijmegen"
    linkedin: "remco-tukker-1a309a66"
  - image: "vijethrai.png"
    name: "Vijeth Rai"
    report:
      title: "Self-assembly of Modular Robots from Finite Number of Modules using Graph Grammars"
      url: "thesis/vijethrai.pdf"
    articles:
      - url: "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/login.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6095038&url=http%3A%2F%2Fieeexplore.ieee.org%2Fxpls%2Fabs_all.jsp%3Farnumber%3D6095038"
        ref: "0"
    affiliation: "Cornell University"
    linkedin: "vijeth-rai-71532b2b"
  - image: "andreirusu.jpg"
    name: "Andrei Rusu"
    report:
      title: "Cognitive Modeling in Robotics (summership)"
    linkedin: "andrei-alexandru-rusu-90220a24"
  - image: "tedschmidt.jpg"
    name: "Ted Schmidt"
    report:
      title: "Robotics: Environmental Awareness Through Cognitive Sensor Fusion"
      url: "thesis/tedschmidt.pdf"
    affiliation: "Groningen University"
    linkedin: "ted-schmidt-1353b598"
  - image: "freekvanpolen.jpg"
    name: "Freek van Polen"
    report:
      title: "Towards a Sentient Environment Using a Neural Sensor Network"
      url: "thesis/freekvanpolen.pdf"
    affiliation: " Utrecht University"
    linkedin: "freek-van-polen-08960719"
intern-gallery:
  - image: "martjankoedam.jpg"
    name: "Martjan Koedam"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: martjankoedam
    report:
      title: "Crownstone with Homey"
  - image: "joeyouwens.png"
    name: "Joey Ouwens"
    affiliation: "Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: joey-ouwens-9110956b
    report:
      title: "Crownstone with Philips Hue"
  - image: "kevinvanrijn.jpg"
    name: "Kevin van Rijn"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: kevin-van-rijn-90a847111
    report:
      title: "Low-Level Bluetooth Low-Energy Library"
  - image: "wickybhaggoe.jpg"
    name: "Wicky Bhaggoe"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: wicky-bhaggoe-28280b124
    report:
      title: "Crownstone Hardware Tester"
  - image: "ricardosteijn.jpg"
    name: "Ricardo Steijn"
    affiliation: "Communicatie, Media en Informatietechnologie, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: ricardo-steijn-38319b177
    report:
      title: "Home Assistant (home-assistant.io)"
  - image: "oscardruiventak.jpg"
    name: "Oscar Druiventak"
    affiliation: "Communicatie, Media en Informatietechnologie, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    linkedin: oscar-druiventak-46b6babb
    report:
      title: "Voice Assistant (Google Home)"
  - image: "bjornpeperzak.jpg"
    name: "Björn Peperzak"
    linkedin: bj%C3%B6rn-peperzak-992129197
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam" 
  - image: "elikruunenberg.jpg"
    name: "Eli Kruunenberg"
    affiliation: "Small Business and Retail Management, Hogeschool Utrecht"
    report:
      title: "Exploring new Crownstone business models"
  - image: "paulwondel.jpg"
    name: "Paul Wondel"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    report:
      title: "Make Crownstone Arduino compatible"
  - image: "meralynnmohabir.jpg"
    name: "Meralynn Mohabir"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    report:
      title: "Indoor Localization within the mesh network"
  - image: "ilhandelic.jpg"
    name: "Ilhan Delic"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
    report:
      title: "Crownstone smart home hub"
  - image: "joybaris.jpg"
    name: "Joy Baris"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "aniketsamant.jpg"
    name: "Aniket Samant"
    affiliation: "Electrical Engineering, TU Delft"
    report:
      title: "Implementing flicker-free dimming through optimizing ADC functions"
  - image: "naveenchakravarthy.jpg"
    name: "Naveen Chakravarthy"
    affiliation: "Electrical Engineering, TU Delft"
  - image: "marcdegroot.jpg"
    name: "Marc de Groot"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "alexanderderidder.jpg"
    name: "Alex de Ridder"
    affiliation: "Technische Informatica, Hogeschool Rotterdam"
  - image: "gijstamminga.jpg"
    name: "Gijs Tamminga"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "florijnvanzundert.png"
    name: "Florijn van Zundert"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "dimitrisxenakis.jpg"
    name: "Dimitris Xenakis"
    affiliation: "Geomatics for the Built Environment, Delft University of Technology"
    report:
      title: "Translating BLE Received Signals across different Smartphones"
      url: "internships/dimitrisxenakis.pdf"
  - image: "edwinaleksanian.png"
    name: "Edwin Aleksanian"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "jeandreartsen.png"
    name: "Jeandre Artsen"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "zjhounathanevans.png"
    name: "Zjhounathan Evans"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
    linkedin: "zjhounathan-evans-11923470"
  - image: "alansimic.png"
    name: "Alan Simic"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "bartversluis.jpg"
    name: "Bart Versluis"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "mouradfattouch.jpg"
    name: "Mourad Fattouch"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "timprins.jpg"
    name: "Tim Prins"
    affiliation: "Human Technologies, Techniek College Rotterdam"
  - image: "nimamehdi.jpg"
    name: "Nima Mehdi"
    affiliation: "ENSTA Bretagne"
    report:
      title: "Fingerprinting across Multiple Smartphones"
      url: "internships/nimamehdi.pdf"
  - image: "tomvandijk.jpg"
    name: "Tom van Dijk"
    affiliation: "TU Delft"
    report:
      title: "Indoor localization using BLE"
      url: "internships/tomvandijk.pdf"
  - image: "christianhaas.png"
    name: "Christian Haas"
    affiliation: "Ecole Centrale de Marseille"
    linkedin: "christianhaasfrangi"
    report:
      title: "Robotics and building automation in general (applied internship)"
  - image: "juanpablocortes.png"
    name: "Juan Pablo Cortés"
    linkedin: "juan-pablo-forero-5a92b012a"
    report:
      title: "Painting quadcopters (summership)"
      movie: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0p4yckwPCtU"
---
{% include JB/setup %}
{% include snippets/row-begin %}
{% include snippets/column-begin colsize="12" %}

# Former Employees

Crownstone originated from [DoBots](http://dobots.nl) and [Almende](http://almende.com), which means that many people have contributed to its success!

We're very happy that we had so many friendly and capable people working with us. If you have a chance to hire anyone of them, do not hesitate!

{% include snippets/subgallery id="employee-gallery" %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

# Former Graduates

A nice list of many different people, with different interests and different goals and characters. Our software and algorithms owe to them just as much as to our full-term employees! Our most recent graduates are displayed first.

{% include snippets/subgallery id="graduate-gallery" %}

{% include snippets/divider %}

# Former Interns

We've had also interns at our place which definitely had a positive impact on the quality of our products! Thanks and we wish you a lot of luck!

{% include snippets/subgallery id="intern-gallery" %}



{% include snippets/column-end %}
{% include snippets/row-end %}

{% include snippets/bottom-margin %}
