18-press.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Press
header: Pages
description: "News bout Crownstone in the national and international press"
group: [navigation-about-us-submenu]
permalink: press/
background-image: banner-press
banner-caption: Press
international-press:
  - subtitle: "Home & Smart, 2018"
    slogan: "Crownstone Plugs für Indoor Localization und Building Automation"
    image: "/images/crownstone-social-card"
    link: "https://www.homeandsmart.de/crownstone-plug-indoor-localisation"
  - subtitle: "Hannover Messe, 2018"
    slogan: "Switch to a Smarter Future"
    image: "/images/banners/banner-office"
    link: "https://www.hannovermesse.de/en/news/news-details_80642-504194.xhtml"
  - subtitle: "BBC News, 2018"
    slogan: "CES 2018: Tech Preview of the Show's Coolest New Products"
    image: "/images/cs-plug"
    link: "https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-42574569"
  - subtitle: "ENIGE, 2017"
    slogan: "Crownstone: Plug-and-play indoor positioning"
    image: "/images/use-cases"
    link: "https://innovation.engie.com/en/news/news/smart-buildings/crownstone-plug-and-play-indoor-positioning/8237"
  - subtitle: "Press release with EnOcean, 2017"
    slogan: "Indoor localization with the Internet of Things"
    image: "/images/cs-enocean"
    link: "https://crownstone.rocks/attachments/PressReleaseCrownstoneEnOcean.pdf"
  - subtitle: "Cate Lawrence, 2016"
    slogan: "Crownstone takes home automation beyond Alexa"
    image: "/images/plugs_in_room"
    link: "https://readwrite.com/2016/05/16/crownstones-go-beyond-voice-home-alexa-vt4/"
  - subtitle: "Bruce Byfield, 2015"
    slogan: "Smart stuff"
    image: "/images/plugin_front"
    link: "http://www.linux-magazine.com/Issues/2015/181/DoBots-Crownstone"
national-press:
  - subtitle: "FWD Magazine, 2019"
    slogan: "CES round-up: Wat brengt 2019 op het gebied van smarthome?"
    image: "/images/ces-logo"
    link: "https://www.smarthomemagazine.nl/2019/01/ces-round-up-wat-brengt-2019-op-het-gebied-van-smarthome/"
  - subtitle: "FWD Magazine, 2019"
    slogan: "Stopcontacten en lichtschakelaars kunnen je in huis volgen..."
    image: "/images/cs-display"
    link: "https://www.smarthomemagazine.nl/2019/01/stopcontacten-en-lichtschakelaars-kunnen-je-in-huis-volgen-met-crownstone/"
  - subtitle: "Tweakers, 2015"
    slogan: "Nederlandse start-up introduceert module om stopcontacten..."
    image: "/images/exploded_view"
    link: "https://tweakers.net/nieuws/105284/nederlandse-start-up-introduceert-module-om-stopcontacten-slim-te-maken.html"
  - subtitle: "nu.nl, 2015"
    slogan: "Rotterdammers lanceren slim stopcontact Crownstone"
    image: "/images/cs-plug"
    link: "http://www.nu.nl/gadgets/4126449/rotterdammers-lanceren-slim-stopcontact-crownstone.html"
  - subtitle: "NRC, 2016"
    slogan: "Slimmer huis dankzij een stekker"
    image: "/images/builtin-box-10"
    link: "https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2016/12/15/slimmer-huis-dankzij-een-stekker-5780952-a1536988"
  - subtitle: "Sophie de Kok, 2015"
    slogan: "Crownstone: slim stopcontact maakt van jouw huis..."
    image: "/images/plugin_front"
    link: "https://www.dutchcowboys.nl/technology/crownstone-slim-stopcontact-maakt-van-jouw-huis-een-smarthome"
  - subtitle: "Business insider, 2015"
    slogan: "Crownstone: met dit slimme stopcontact kun je..."
    image: "/images/e-monitoring"
    link: "https://www.businessinsider.nl/crownstone-met-dit-slimme-stopcontact-kun-je-energie-besparen-in-huis-491717/"
  - subtitle: "Maarten Keswiel, 2015"
    slogan: "Deze ondernemer ontdekte het grote verschil tussen..."
    image: "/images/cs-sprout"
    link: "https://mtsprout.nl/startups-scaleups/deze-ondernemer-ontdekte-het-grote-verschil-tussen-kickstarter-en-indiegogo"
  - subtitle: "Milton Broen, 2015"
    slogan: "Crownstone: Nederlanders maken slim stopcontact dat..."
    image: "/images/crownstone-social-card"
    link: "https://www.want.nl/crownstone-nederlanders-maken-slim-stopcontact-dat-je-moet-hebben/"
icons:
  - title: Follow us on Linkedin
    link: "https://www.linkedin.com/company/crownstone"
    image: /images/social-icons/linkedin.svg
    image-alt: LinkedIn icon
  - title: Like our Facebook page
    link: "https://www.facebook.com/crownstones/"
    image: /images/social-icons/fb.svg
    image-alt: Facebook icon
  - title: Follow us on Twitter
    link: "https://twitter.com/CrownstoneRocks"
    image: /images/social-icons/twitter.svg
    image-alt: Twitter icon
  - title: Watch our videos
    link: "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCru1PX6P1JyhsI-OEMXnBdg"
    image: /images/social-icons/youtube.svg
    image-alt: YouTube icon
  - title: Join our community
    link: "https://discord.gg/zPhesU2CZv"
    image: /images/social-icons/discord.svg
    image-alt: Discord icon
---

{% include JB/setup %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Latest press release

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}



{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-begin%}

# Bluetooth asset tracking leads to big savings for hospitals

<p>&nbsp;</p>

Crownstone and [Blyott](ww.blyott.com) announce today a new, top-notch, asset tracking solution for hospitals. The partnership combines the in-depth know-how of Blyott regarding healthcare organisations with the Crownstone state-of-the-art asset tracking hardware and software... [read more](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NRKBQKv4Lrf2tt7H-3X6jYkIEoVGXzip/preview)

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-end img='/images/hospital.jpg' img-alt='hospital' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin background='blue'%}

International press releases

{% include snippets/slogan-end %} 


{% include snippets/two-frames-in-a-row id='international-press' background='blue' %}



{% include snippets/slogan-begin%}

National press releases

{% include snippets/slogan-end %} 


{% include snippets/two-frames-in-a-row id='national-press'  %}



{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Crownstone on social media

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/three-icons-in-a-row %}

Commit message:

Updated social card of press page.

18-press.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Press
header: Pages
description: "Read the newest press release of Crownstone and explore previous national and international press releases. Enjoy the reading!"
group: [navigation-about-us-submenu]
permalink: press/
background-image: banner-press
banner-caption: Press
social-image: "images/hospital.jpg"
international-press:
  - subtitle: "Home & Smart, 2018"
    slogan: "Crownstone Plugs für Indoor Localization und Building Automation"
    image: "/images/crownstone-social-card"
    link: "https://www.homeandsmart.de/crownstone-plug-indoor-localisation"
  - subtitle: "Hannover Messe, 2018"
    slogan: "Switch to a Smarter Future"
    image: "/images/banners/banner-office"
    link: "https://www.hannovermesse.de/en/news/news-details_80642-504194.xhtml"
  - subtitle: "BBC News, 2018"
    slogan: "CES 2018: Tech Preview of the Show's Coolest New Products"
    image: "/images/cs-plug"
    link: "https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-42574569"
  - subtitle: "ENIGE, 2017"
    slogan: "Crownstone: Plug-and-play indoor positioning"
    image: "/images/use-cases"
    link: "https://innovation.engie.com/en/news/news/smart-buildings/crownstone-plug-and-play-indoor-positioning/8237"
  - subtitle: "Press release with EnOcean, 2017"
    slogan: "Indoor localization with the Internet of Things"
    image: "/images/cs-enocean"
    link: "https://crownstone.rocks/attachments/PressReleaseCrownstoneEnOcean.pdf"
  - subtitle: "Cate Lawrence, 2016"
    slogan: "Crownstone takes home automation beyond Alexa"
    image: "/images/plugs_in_room"
    link: "https://readwrite.com/2016/05/16/crownstones-go-beyond-voice-home-alexa-vt4/"
  - subtitle: "Bruce Byfield, 2015"
    slogan: "Smart stuff"
    image: "/images/plugin_front"
    link: "http://www.linux-magazine.com/Issues/2015/181/DoBots-Crownstone"
national-press:
  - subtitle: "FWD Magazine, 2019"
    slogan: "CES round-up: Wat brengt 2019 op het gebied van smarthome?"
    image: "/images/ces-logo"
    link: "https://www.smarthomemagazine.nl/2019/01/ces-round-up-wat-brengt-2019-op-het-gebied-van-smarthome/"
  - subtitle: "FWD Magazine, 2019"
    slogan: "Stopcontacten en lichtschakelaars kunnen je in huis volgen..."
    image: "/images/cs-display"
    link: "https://www.smarthomemagazine.nl/2019/01/stopcontacten-en-lichtschakelaars-kunnen-je-in-huis-volgen-met-crownstone/"
  - subtitle: "Tweakers, 2015"
    slogan: "Nederlandse start-up introduceert module om stopcontacten..."
    image: "/images/exploded_view"
    link: "https://tweakers.net/nieuws/105284/nederlandse-start-up-introduceert-module-om-stopcontacten-slim-te-maken.html"
  - subtitle: "nu.nl, 2015"
    slogan: "Rotterdammers lanceren slim stopcontact Crownstone"
    image: "/images/cs-plug"
    link: "http://www.nu.nl/gadgets/4126449/rotterdammers-lanceren-slim-stopcontact-crownstone.html"
  - subtitle: "NRC, 2016"
    slogan: "Slimmer huis dankzij een stekker"
    image: "/images/builtin-box-10"
    link: "https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2016/12/15/slimmer-huis-dankzij-een-stekker-5780952-a1536988"
  - subtitle: "Sophie de Kok, 2015"
    slogan: "Crownstone: slim stopcontact maakt van jouw huis..."
    image: "/images/plugin_front"
    link: "https://www.dutchcowboys.nl/technology/crownstone-slim-stopcontact-maakt-van-jouw-huis-een-smarthome"
  - subtitle: "Business insider, 2015"
    slogan: "Crownstone: met dit slimme stopcontact kun je..."
    image: "/images/e-monitoring"
    link: "https://www.businessinsider.nl/crownstone-met-dit-slimme-stopcontact-kun-je-energie-besparen-in-huis-491717/"
  - subtitle: "Maarten Keswiel, 2015"
    slogan: "Deze ondernemer ontdekte het grote verschil tussen..."
    image: "/images/cs-sprout"
    link: "https://mtsprout.nl/startups-scaleups/deze-ondernemer-ontdekte-het-grote-verschil-tussen-kickstarter-en-indiegogo"
  - subtitle: "Milton Broen, 2015"
    slogan: "Crownstone: Nederlanders maken slim stopcontact dat..."
    image: "/images/crownstone-social-card"
    link: "https://www.want.nl/crownstone-nederlanders-maken-slim-stopcontact-dat-je-moet-hebben/"
icons:
  - title: Follow us on Linkedin
    link: "https://www.linkedin.com/company/crownstone"
    image: /images/social-icons/linkedin.svg
    image-alt: LinkedIn icon
  - title: Like our Facebook page
    link: "https://www.facebook.com/crownstones/"
    image: /images/social-icons/fb.svg
    image-alt: Facebook icon
  - title: Follow us on Twitter
    link: "https://twitter.com/CrownstoneRocks"
    image: /images/social-icons/twitter.svg
    image-alt: Twitter icon
  - title: Watch our videos
    link: "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCru1PX6P1JyhsI-OEMXnBdg"
    image: /images/social-icons/youtube.svg
    image-alt: YouTube icon
  - title: Join our community
    link: "https://discord.gg/zPhesU2CZv"
    image: /images/social-icons/discord.svg
    image-alt: Discord icon
---

{% include JB/setup %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Latest press release

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}



{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-begin%}

# Bluetooth asset tracking leads to big savings for hospitals

<p>&nbsp;</p>

Crownstone and [Blyott](ww.blyott.com) announce today a new, top-notch, asset tracking solution for hospitals. The partnership combines the in-depth know-how of Blyott regarding healthcare organisations with the Crownstone state-of-the-art asset tracking hardware and software... [read more](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NRKBQKv4Lrf2tt7H-3X6jYkIEoVGXzip/preview)

{% include snippets/two-cols-text-img-end img='/images/hospital.jpg' img-alt='hospital' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin background='blue'%}

International press releases

{% include snippets/slogan-end %} 


{% include snippets/two-frames-in-a-row id='international-press' background='blue' %}



{% include snippets/slogan-begin%}

National press releases

{% include snippets/slogan-end %} 


{% include snippets/two-frames-in-a-row id='national-press'  %}



{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Crownstone on social media

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/three-icons-in-a-row %}
