nl/02-works-with.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Werkt met
header: Pages
group: [navigation, navigation-consumer-footer]
lang: nl
permalink: works-with/
background-image-home: banner-works-with.jpg
coming-soon:
    - title: Integration with Philips Hue 
      image: /images/hue.jpg
    - title: Integration with Homey
      image: /images/homey.jpg
---


{% include JB/setup %}

{% include snippets/img-banner %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}
Crownstone also reacts to your voice
{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin %}
When not carrying your smartphone with you, you can simply ask **Google** or **Alexa** to turn on the lights for you.
{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/centered-image-two-columns img1='/images/google.jpg' img1-alt='google' img2='/images/alexa.png' img2-alt='alexa'%}

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-with-subimg-begin img-bg='/images/ha-integration.jpg' bg-position='center' img-sub='/images/ha-logo.png' img-sub-alt='ha-logo' %}
Crownstone integration with **Home Assistant** allows you to trigger a certain action when a specific user enters or leaves a room!
{% include snippets/container-image-relative-with-subimg-end %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Integration with Home Assistant

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-begin text-right='true' %}

The integration of Crownstone with Home Assistant enables you to personalize your home automation **routines** even more! Thanks to Home Assistant you can create triggers based on **personalized indoor positioning** events. 
 
{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-end img='/images/ha-logo-large.png' img-alt='ha-logo' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-begin %}

##### You can create triggers for multiple users.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

"If **mom** and **dad** leave the kitchen, then turn off the stove, the oven and the kettle."
 
{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-end img='/images/kitchen-kid.jpg' img-alt='cooking' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-begin text-right='true' %}

##### You can create triggers for a specific user.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

"If **Richard** enters the living room, then turn on the music."
 
{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-end img='/images/entering-room.jpg' img-alt='entering-room' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/centered-text-large text='Learn more about the integration with Home assistant' link='/integrations/home-assistant/' %}


{% include snippets/container-image-relative-begin img-bg='/images/apple-watch.jpg' left-alignment='true'%}

## Works with Apple Watch!

You can use your Apple Watch to **control** your Crownstones. You can switch or dim your lights from your gadget.

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-end %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Coming soon!

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/margin %}

{% include snippets/coming-soon orange-bg='true' %}

{% include snippets/margin %}

Commit message:

new Header with collapse menus of Smart Home, Business, About us and Support menu added in english and dutch version. Updated image of PCB.

nl/02-works-with.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Werkt met
header: Pages
group: [navigation-smart-home-submenu, navigation-consumer-footer]
lang: nl
permalink: works-with/
background-image-home: banner-works-with.jpg
coming-soon:
    - title: Integration with Philips Hue 
      image: /images/hue.jpg
      link: /will-be-up-soon/
    - title: Integration with Homey
      image: /images/homey.jpg
      link: /will-be-up-soon/
---


{% include JB/setup %}

{% include snippets/img-banner %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}
Crownstone also reacts to your voice
{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin %}

{% include snippets/centered-text-home-begin %}
When not carrying your smartphone with you, you can simply ask **Google** or **Alexa** to turn on the lights for you.
{% include snippets/centered-text-home-end %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}

{% include snippets/centered-image-two-columns img1='/images/google.jpg' img1-alt='google' img2='/images/alexa.png' img2-alt='alexa'%}

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-with-subimg-begin img-bg='/images/ha-integration.jpg' bg-position='center' img-sub='/images/ha-logo.png' img-sub-alt='ha-logo' %}
Crownstone integration with **Home Assistant** allows you to trigger a certain action when a specific user enters or leaves a room!
{% include snippets/container-image-relative-with-subimg-end %}

{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Integration with Home Assistant

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-begin text-right='true' %}

The integration of Crownstone with Home Assistant enables you to personalize your home automation **routines** even more! Thanks to Home Assistant you can create triggers based on **personalized indoor positioning** events. 
 
{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-end img='/images/ha-logo-large.png' img-alt='ha-logo' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-begin %}

##### You can create triggers for multiple users.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

"If **mom** and **dad** leave the kitchen, then turn off the stove, the oven and the kettle."
 
{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-end img='/images/kitchen-kid.jpg' img-alt='cooking' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/full-width-container-begin%}

{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-begin text-right='true' %}

##### You can create triggers for a specific user.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

"If **Richard** enters the living room, then turn on the music."
 
{% include snippets/two-cols-centered-text-img-end img='/images/entering-room.jpg' img-alt='entering-room' %}

{% include snippets/full-width-container-end %}


{% include snippets/centered-text-large text='Learn more about the integration with Home assistant' link='/integrations/home-assistant/' %}


{% include snippets/container-image-relative-begin img-bg='/images/apple-watch.jpg' left-alignment='true'%}

## Works with Apple Watch!

You can use your Apple Watch to **control** your Crownstones. You can switch or dim your lights from your gadget.

{% include snippets/container-image-relative-end %}


{% include snippets/slogan-begin %}

Coming soon!

{% include snippets/slogan-end %}

{% include snippets/margin %}

{% include snippets/coming-soon orange-bg='true' %}

{% include snippets/margin %}
